README.md, before:

#   ECE564_HW 
This is the project you will use for all four of your ECE564 homework assignments. You need to download to your computer, add your code, and then add a repo under your own ID with this name ("ECE564_HW"). It is important that you use the same project name.  Any notes, additional functions, comments you want to share with the TA and I before grading please put in this file in the correspondiing section below.  Part of the grading is anything you did above and beyond the requirements, so make sure that is included here in the README.

## HW1

In Gender, DukeRole, and DukeProgram, because Swift implicitly assumes the case to be a string of itself if the enum is of type String, I got rid of the redundant strings.

I also placed Gender under the Person class, as this enumeration applies to all Person objects, and I placed DukeRole and DukeProgram under the DukePerson class, as these enumerations will only apply to Duke People. 

I also opted to store, modify, and delete data entries using the CoreData framework both to make my creation more practical and to get some practice using CoreData. 

## HW2
add text here

## HW3
add text here

## HW4
add text here

Commit message:

Final Update. Probably spent too much time but added a lot of extra functionality.

README.md, after:

#   ECE564_HW 
This is the project you will use for all four of your ECE564 homework assignments. You need to download to your computer, add your code, and then add a repo under your own ID with this name ("ECE564_HW"). It is important that you use the same project name.  Any notes, additional functions, comments you want to share with the TA and I before grading please put in this file in the correspondiing section below.  Part of the grading is anything you did above and beyond the requirements, so make sure that is included here in the README.

## HW1

Most significantly, I spent quite a lot of time (and dove pretty deep into some more complicated swift code) in order to perform a search when the user gives only some input, and provide all Duke People matching that search in a compact and scrollable format. This means that the user could specify any one field (say, for example, Gender), and find all people matching that search parameter. This will also allow the user to specify no search parameters, press find, and print out all people. Furthermore, this method will allow the creation of people with possibly incomplete data in a safe manner. If, for instance, there were a person in the database for whom data was incomplete or unspecified, we wouldn't want to toss that person out altogether. Instead, we can safely add a person with the parameters we do know, and the resulting person will be searchable by those parameters. If we want to update a person for whom we have incomplete information, the add/update function will only replace the first instance of the closest search match. I don't know if my method for doing so is necessarily the most efficient, but safely handling all of the possible user input took a lot of troubleshooting with many layers of optionals. I also modified the Person and DukePerson classes in order to more safely and readably handle unspecified user input. 

As a note, I spent some time trying to implement a way by which multiple people with the same name but different properties could be added to the array, but after a few hours of effort determined that it would require the instantiation of a third button to be practical. Because the HW instructions specified two buttons, I opted not to pursue this extension.

Added a nicer, bolded Title UILabel, and spent time cleaning up each of the UI Elements and placing them in an even and consistent format. 

Changed the shownDescription to show each person in the registry matching a given search criteria. The find button will display each person in the scrollable shownDescription and the add/update button will show each person updated if multiple matching entries exist in the dukePeople array. 

Safely handled errors (first and last name are not entered, person is not found, etc.) and printed them clearly in the shownDescription UILabel

In Gender, DukeRole, and DukeProgram, because Swift implicitly assumes the case to be a string of itself if the enum is of type String, I got rid of the redundant strings.

I also placed Gender under the Person class, as this enumeration applies to all Person objects, and I placed DukeRole and DukeProgram under the DukePerson class, as these enumerations will only apply to Duke People. 

I added a Gender Non-Binary option for DukePerson objects, and implemented this accordingly in the UISegmentedControl. 

I placed each of the UI elements into setup functions to make the initialization and setup of the UI more readable, as well as to make the setup safer and allow for easer creation of a general "Person Lookup" application if the Duke specificity no longer becomes relevant. 


## HW2
add text here

## HW3
add text here

## HW4
add text here
